Update the launch guide - Closes #714 (#716)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/app-development/launch.adoc

Nodes can have different roles in the network as described below:

> NOTE: The roles of the nodes are not mutually exclusive, so it's possible a node fulfils several of the described roles, or none of them, depending on the configuration of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The roles of the nodes are not mutually exclusive, so it is possible a node may fulfil several of the described roles, or alternatively it may fulfil none of them, depending on the configuration of the node.
```
